Team I Meeting Minutes:

Meeting 1 Friday, March 29th, 3:00 pm:
All members attended.
We will use the completed A5 assignment as a skeleton for our app.
Johnny added it to the repository and we all pulled to ensure we had access.
We decided to divide the work with each one of us focusing on one major component of the app and the features that needed to be implemented for the first sprint.
Analytics: Timothy, Create a new event: Johnny, Homepage: Andreas, Opening Page: Itel,  Stopwatch/Timer: Eric
We decided that we would all communicate when we’d be pushing and keep local copies and fix all merge conflicts as they come up due to the number of members and how we divided the work. Because we’re working on different parts of the app we should all have merge conflicts in files like strings.xml

Meeting 2 Monday, April 1st, 9:00 pm:
All members attended.
Johnny was the first to push, Itel pulled to see how it would affect what he coded. The only merge conflict was in strings.xml, and was solved easily.
We talked about our goals for the first sprint and whether they were still achievable at this point, and we decided that everything seemed achievable at this point.
We talked about when we would meet up with our mentor Kai, and started to think about availabilities to give him. Update: We’ll meet with Kai on Wednesdays at 4:30 pm during his office hours.

Meeting 3 Wednesday, April 3, 4:30 pm:
All members attended.
We first met with Kai and went over our goals for the sprint and whether they were still achievable, at this point we agreed that we would let him know if anything came up, but we were still going to maintain our current sprint goals.
We showed him what we had done at the moment including the start of create event, the opening, etc.
We met by ourselves afterward and went over when we would meet next time to contribute to the app together in a group and talk about goals. We decided we would meet the next day, Thursday at 8:30 pm to update one another on progress. 
We updated our sprint goals on our GitHub project page.
We finished by talking about our strategy for pushes moving forward as we would start to have a lot more of them. 

Meeting 4 Thursday, April 3, 8:30 pm:
All members attended.
The goals for sprint one for the Opening Activity, Homepage, and Create new event are completed. Everything was pushed and any merge conflicts were resolved. The stopwatch/timer has most of its functionality and should be done by the next time we meet before recording our demo. We will continue to work on transitions from different parts of the apps and sending data over to different activities.
We also decided to talk to Kai about the dynamic visual part of the timer and stopwatch and it constantly updates as the timer and stopwatch countdown. We are waiting for a response.
We updated our sprint goals on our GitHub project page.
We decided to continue working individually on our parts to optimize functionality and visual appeal. We decided that we would meet again on the weekend to go over everything and check if we met our sprint goals, how to record the demo, and practice before recording the actual demo. We decided to solidify a time after we finished working on the different components of the app.

Meeting 7 Sunday, April 3, 3:30 pm:
All members were in attendance.
We finished the app implementation asynchronously and came together to run the app on several different devices, do error checking, and record our demo.
After talking we added more error checking like ensuring the text that the user enters is under a certain character count, locking the app in portrait mode, etc.
We updated the GitHub sprint 1 project page and began talking about what we would need to finish in the second sprint.
We started to wrap up by creating a script for our demo, deciding what app to record it on, and recording it.
Finally, Johnny submitted everything as he recorded the demo on his computer. 
